[Music]
Good morning, guys. Happy Monday.
Today's the first day of my day in the
week vlog, and I thought, you know what?
No, I'm not doing an intro. I think
intros can be kind of annoying. So,
we're just starting the video. No intro
needed. I'm walking. Well, I'm out of
breath. Today, I'm starting out the day
walking to meet my friend for coffee.
Actually, a lot of you guys know her.
It's my friend Liz. She's one of my
really good friends here. And we haven't
like had a coffee date in a really long
time. We've both just been really busy.
So, we like scheduled this in advance.
So, we're going to meet at our favorite
place. It's the Brandy
[Music]
Cafe. Hey guys, Liz and I just got our
coffee.
Guys, so two things changed. I went
lighter with my hair and Liz went
darker. We're back, guys. So, this is
what we did in the coffee shop. Liz had
a great idea. My coffee was so sweet,
they put way too much vanilla in it. She
hadn't ordered hers yet. She was like,
"Okay, I'm going to get a regular coffee
with no sweetener." And then we're going
to mix them together. It was like an
experiment. It was really smart. The
trick is to not, which I saw TikTok on
this, but not to pour the ice out. Like,
you have to drain it in separate cups.
in separate cups and then mix them. And
then we fixed the problem. So now we
have good coffees that aren't too sweet.
That was the
[Laughter]
[Music]
salulu. Okay, guys. I'm back in my
apartment. I had so much fun with Liz
this morning. We just had a cute little
girls morning. Honestly, it's like such
a nice Monday morning. I don't usually
like do that. So, I've been home for a
couple hours just working on my laptop.
I'm about to go print out some things
for Oilia with our summer launch coming
on Thursday. So, I need to go there. But
first, I want to make a smoothie because
I am getting a little hungry. You guys
know my smoothie recipe by now is pretty
much the same.
[Music]
I was at lunch with my managers recently
and they were talking about how much
collagen changed their life and they
really educated me and inspired me to
start taking it. So, that is the one
addition to my smoothie that I've been
doing recently. I got the ones from
Vital Proteins, and it is so good and I
can't notice a difference. So, for me,
it works. Anyways, I do need to quickly
go print those things for the Oilia
cards that we're going to be putting in
our summer orders. So, I'm going to try
to drink this quick, grab my stuff, and
then walk cuz I think it's like a
25-minute walk from me.
[Music]
Hi pookies. I'm back. Wow. Should I
start calling you guys that? I went and
I got the prints for my Oilia drop on
Sunday. on Sunday. It's on Thursday. I
got at least the tester prints for now.
Wanted to get specific cards for our
summer collection because I just thought
it'd be really fun to switch it up since
these are our summer pieces and I want
to put one of these in every order. So,
this is how they came out. We took this
photo and I took this on my iPhone.
Actually, I loved it. The second I took
this photo at the beach, I knew that
this was going to be the photo of all of
the ones we took in our shoot. So, I
ended up getting a few for now. On the
back, it has a little note with a
discount code that I'm not going to show
because it's if you order. Sorry, I'm
gatekeeping. I did that. And then on my
way back, I decided to stop at the
grocery store because I have no food.
Like, I'm not even being dramatic. I
think I have a bag of chocolate chips.
That's about it. I'm going to do a
little haul of what I got because I love
grocery hauls because I like just
getting inspo for meals. You guys know
it's kind of hard for me sometimes to
think of meal ideas. So, I'm just going
to show you a few of the things that I
got. First things first, my priorities.
Strawberry lemonade. This is so good.
And banana chips, which I already
started eating. I want to make chicken
stir fry tonight. So, I got some bell
peppers for that. Obviously, I got
chicken. I also got some broccoli for
that. Other things include bread, oats,
because I want to make overnight oats. I
was literally in Trader Joe's looking up
breakfast ideas because when I find a
breakfast I like, I will eat that every
day for probably about 3 months until
I'm sick of it and then I move on and I
discard it. The current breakfast has
been yogurt with berries, which is good.
It's been too long. You know, this is a
cyclical thing. The cycle is done with
my yogurt. I've developed an aversion to
it now because I've had it so much. And
I need to find my next breakfast. I hope
that I like this. I'm sure I will. I
used to eat these often. Overnight oats
with some berries and nuts. I got chia
seeds for that, too. And some granola
because I thought maybe I put granola on
top. I also got these sunflower seed
butter cups. They're really good.
Probably going to have one
now. I actually like the peanut butter
ones better. Don't get these. Okay,
well, fail. I got more peanut butter cuz
I ran out. And some fries. And lastly,
stir fry sauce for my stir fry that I'm
going to make for dinner tonight. That's
my little haul.
Um I actually I actually don't know what
to do. Um I'm going to call my mom.
[Music]
So, I did make my dinner. I made a
chicken fajita rice bowl. I don't know
if that's technically what this is, but
I've been making taco bowls and I'm kind
of getting sick of them. So, I decided
to make chicken instead with some pepper
and onions. And then I just threw in
some broccoli and rice and teriyak
sauce, which I want more of. We all know
I'm not the best chef. I'm not even a
chef. I'm just trying to survive. You
know, cooking is new to me. I really
didn't cook in college at all. Postgrad.
Now, I still didn't cook last year. I
had no kitchen. So, this is like my
first time cooking consistently and I'm
learning. You know, I think my biggest
weakness is that I take forever. Like,
this took me an hour. It will probably
take most people 20 minutes. So, that
does frustrate me. I have to figure out
something because I could not be
spending this much time. I made
leftovers for tomorrow. I'm going to eat
this and then watch the game. I'm a
really big Timberwolves fan. Honestly,
my perfect night. Good morning, guys.
It's the next day. I'm kind of in like a
sad mood. I'm one of those people who
the weather really affects my mood. And
today is extremely gloomy and rainy,
especially on days like this. I need to
get out of my apartment and like force
myself out because it just like makes me
mentally feel a little better. I was
going to go to Central Park today with
some friends, but that is obviously not
happening anymore. So, instead, I'm
going to go to a cute coffee shop, which
I know I always go to. I feel like
that's just appropriate for a rainy day,
is to go to a coffee shop. Also, to make
me feel better, I want to get dressed
and ready and put on a cute little
outfit. I have a few options of things.
The one thing I know for certain is I'm
going to be wearing this bag and I'm
going to kind of revolve my outfit
around this because I love it and I just
got it. And Coach is actually sponsoring
this video. So, thank you so much to
them. That is actually a dream for me. I
have them on my vision board, guys. I
put them on there as a goal of a brand
to work with. It came true, guys. This
is your sign to really make your vision
board. Let me show you. This is my
vision board. And there is Coach. You
guys already know I love Coach. This is
the Coach Terry bag. And this is such a
beautiful bag because I like how the
Coach logo is so subtle. And I also
really like the silver hardware. I've
been really into silver recently. And I
also like this one specifically because
it is so neutral. It just like would go
with any outfit. Let me try them on and
see what we
like. For pants, I'm thinking these
low-waisted flared black pants. Okay,
here is the look so far. I don't know
what I think about this. I like it. I
want to try this coat and see what we
think. Okay, this is the second option.
I don't know what I think, but I feel
like I can do a little
[Music]
better. All right, guys. outfit is
complete. I ended up sticking with
mixing black and brown. I added some
silver jewelry today. Also, I wanted to
keep it consistent with my bag that has
silver hardware. You guys know my
favorite boots of all time are these. I
love how this look came together. And my
Coach bag goes so perfectly with it. I
do like with Coach that I can either
dress up my outfit or dress it down with
the
[Music]
bag. Heat. Heat.
Good morning, guys. You may be wondering
what is the occasion for the matcha and
the flowers. I'm getting my friend
matcha and flowers for her birthday. So,
I woke up this morning. I was texting
her roommate cuz I need to drop it off
hopefully before she wakes up after I
dropped off her little birthday
surprise. I had a lot of work to do
because Oilia launched our summer
collection on this day. We were
launching at 11:00 a.m. and I think I'm
filming this around 9:00. I just had a
few finishing touches and things I
needed to do on the website and it was
really successful. As I'm talking to you
guys right now, we sold out of almost
everything. I think we're planning on a
restock right around when this video
goes up. Thank you guys if you have
supported Oilia. It means the world to
me. But after it launched, I took the
train to go to a meeting I had planned
with my managers. Okay, guys, little
update. So, I finished working at the
coffee shop and my summer collection
just went live for Ailia. It's doing
really well. I'm not really the best
with web site stuff and my assistant's
out of town, so I was a little worried
about it, but it ended up going live
really smoothly. And now I'm on my way
to a little meeting with my manager. I
just took the subway. I'm running a
little late, so feel a little bad about
that. We're getting lunch at this
Italian restaurant called Laora Bianca,
which I don't think I've been to before.
Wow, my heels are so loud. They're very
loud.
[Music]
Oh my gosh, guys. I am so cars sick
right now. I had my little lunch meeting
with my managers and then I Ubered to
Brooklyn, which was like a 20-minute
Uber because I have an event with Drunk
Elephant, which I'm really excited. It's
kind of like a they call it, I think, a
master class. The Ubers here are like so
jerky and it makes me feel sick every
single time. And this time was
especially bad. So before I go in, I'm
like standing outside because I need to
recover and help my nausea to go away. I
hate being cars sick. Like I do feel
like I'm going to be ill all
[Music]
day. Of course you can use your finger.
update. My skin is glowing. That was so
fun. I've never done like a master class
like that with the brand. I've seen so
many brands put on little events like
that and I've always wanted to go. Sorry
guys. I feel like I've been vlogging
poorly today, which we all knew one of
these days would have that. It just
seems to always be that way. I've just
been running around like all day. So,
I'm in the Uber to my friend's birthday.
The same friend that I dropped off the
coffee and flowers for this morning.
She's having like a little birthday
dinner lunch. Uh, is there anything else
I have to say? No, I think that's it.
Okay, bye.
To
you. Good
morning. I just woke up. Why would I
even say that? Like, I clearly just woke
up. Like, I don't need to say that. You
guys can tell. I have to post a video.
which posts two videos and then I have
to submit a third video to a brand and
I'm pretty behind on my editing. So, I'm
basically just going to be at my
computer all day long. Big thing for me
though on days like this when I'm just
going to be on my computer for so much
of it is that I just need to get out of
my apartment. It's like the social
stimulation even if I'm not speaking to
people though cuz obviously I'm working
majority of the time on my laptop. But
just like being around people for me
like mentally is so important. And I've
been like this since I was like 17. I
remember editing videos or just doing
school work and homework. And I'd always
prefer to like leave my house and do it
somewhere else. Obviously not all the
time, but especially on long days like
this. It just helps to like break up my
day. Being around people like makes me
feel less alone, I guess, especially
because I live alone and I like work
alone. As much as I love to be alone and
we talk about that on here a lot, I do
think it's important for me to just get
out and socialize and just like be
around people and like coexist with
other people. So, let's get ready. And
it's 7:00 a.m., so we're getting an
early start.
[Music]
I just realized I never made my
overnight oats. I actually forgot about
them. I have no words. Like, I can't
believe I did that. I was hyping them up
for you
guys. I do make the best avocado toast,
though. My friends would say the same.
I've made avocado toast for two of my
friends, and they loved it. I've really
perfected my recipe. It's obviously not
that hard, but I'm very proud of it.
It's like the one thing I can make.
[Music]
I'm with Nikki. Say hi. Introduce
yourself. Hi, I'm Nikki. We're having an
editing date, working together because
we both need to edit like all the time.
I've been here since like literally 8:00
a.m. and we're just working together. Oh
my god, I get to see the behind the
scenes. Yeah, I love it. Oh my god, my
neighbor below me is so loud. I can
always hear his conversations in detail.
I can hear everything he's talking
about. I feel like things I shouldn't
know. I have been home for the past 5
hours since I left the coffee shop. I've
just been in my bed laying editing my
vlog and I just posted it. So, I feel
really good about that. But, I literally
had nothing to vlog because I was
sitting in silence for 5 hours. Right
now, I'm going to be packing orders for
Oilia, my jewelry brand. I think I
talked about this earlier in the week,
but we launched our summer collection.
And I want to pack some of the orders.
We do everything out of my apartment,
which is kind of crazy, but I wanted to
do things like fully myself to learn all
aspects of the business from the little
things to the big things. So, I'm going
to pack some of the orders from our
summer collection that just launched.
And I love it. And I think it sold out
or some of the pieces sold out already
and it just launched. So, that's crazy.
I love you guys. I think we're going to
be restocking hopefully next week. This
is the setup we have right now. I laid
everything out really aesthetically just
for a photo for the Instagram, but I'm
going to start
[Music]
packing. Okay, guys. Roughly an hour and
a half later, I finished the orders for
today. They're right here all wrapped
and ready to go to be shipped out
tomorrow. I am I don't know what I'm
going to do. Probably go to bed soon.
So, that took actually longer than I
thought. I always underestimate the time
on everything and I need to get better
at that. So, good
[Music]
night. Good morning, guys. It's a good
day because I remembered finally to make
my overnight oats last night.
I literally got into bed, was about to
go to sleep, and then I remembered
suddenly that I needed to make my
overnight oats. So, it's really easy.
It's basically same parts, oats and
milk, and then some peanut butter and
honey. And then I just threw in some
strawberries and granola on top. Oh,
there's also chia seeds in here. Um, I'm
going to eat this in peace and
enjoy the sun because the sun is out.
I'm going to get ready and then we'll
figure out the day. Okay, guys. I got
dressed. By the way, breakfast was so
good. That's my new hyperfixation
breakfast. I got this outfit shopping at
the vintage shop by my apartment last
week and I love it. I am leaving for
Alaska next week. So random. I know
people are going to be like, "Why are
you going to Alaska?" Honestly, my dad
and I just wanted to take a trip
together. We've always talked about
going to Alaska. The nature, it looks
beautiful there, and it's supposed to be
a good time of year to go. It is going
to be a little chillier than I
anticipated, though. So, I want to go to
Brandy to grab a few warmer pieces of
clothing that are so cute. I think like
a crew neck or like a zip-up hoodie. I'm
going to do that and then when I get
back later, I think I'm going to pack.
Brandy kind of sucked today. At least in
my opinion, it did. I just was kind of
underwhelmed. But just as I gave up hope
on my way out, I saw this zip-up. It's
actually pretty thick, which is kind of
what influenced me to get this because I
do think it will keep me warm. And then
I went home and I packed. So, that was
my week. in the life vlog. I hope you
guys liked watching. Stay tuned for the
next video. I'm so excited. It's going
to be one of my favorites. And I'll see
you next week. Love you guys.
[Music]